readme.md, before:

Start with skeleton, just pages and links no content or design yet

Index page
Feed Page
Profile Page
Authentication

Next build the nav bar v1
Logo (placeholder) on left, a search bar (non func), upload button, login button (highlighted), settings icon (non func)

Now determine how to best display content units.

If users can share youtube, twitter, tiktok, or upload - what is the best way?

Cards for each type.

When a user watches the content we need to engage the camera, and recognize face then start playing.


1✔️) Add way to upload a piece of content (ipfs) using web3.storage for simplicity

2 ✔️) save data to DB (somewhere)
Postgre Needed to facilitate

3) Create new user

4) Log in with user

5) mint NFTObject to XRPL
Get a feel for the costs and frictions for user to mint NFTs onto XRPL

6) view on content single page
engage camera while viewing content

7) Post latest uploads/posts in feed

Main purpose needed:
Creator upload/mint funny content
Viewer View content
If laugh, save face or landmark data somewhere linked to creator's profile data
Poster's profile shows collected faces

Commit message:

start data relationships and value proposition

readme.md, after:

Value Proposition:
Content creators can see real reactions to their content (funny content gives them lots of real laughing and smiling faces). Their content can be minted into NFTs (that have a history of face reactions). The NFTs can then be sold at a high price do to their intrinsic value.
Content consumers have a new way to view content, stuff that doesn't cause a reaction gets filtered out, and content that is so good it creates reactions will rise.
They also can engage in a more social and real form of social media because their face is in it.
Using faces, wallets, and real world value we can eliminate many bots, spammers, scammers.



Start with skeleton, just pages and links no content or design yet

Index page
Feed Page
Profile Page
Authentication

Next build the nav bar v1
Logo (placeholder) on left, a search bar (non func), upload button, login button (highlighted), settings icon (non func)

Now determine how to best display content units.

If users can share youtube, twitter, tiktok, or upload - what is the best way?

Cards for each type.

When a user watches the content we need to engage the camera, and recognize face then start playing.


1✔️) Add way to upload a piece of content (ipfs) using web3.storage for simplicity

2 ✔️) save data to DB (somewhere)
Postgre Needed to facilitate

3 ✔️) Create new user

4) Log in with user

5) mint NFTObject to XRPL
Get a feel for the costs and frictions for user to mint NFTs onto XRPL

6) view on content single page
engage camera while viewing content

7) Post latest uploads/posts in feed

Main purpose needed:
Creator upload/mint funny content
Viewer View content
If laugh, save face or landmark data somewhere linked to creator's profile data
Poster's profile shows collected faces
